Binding between a read only property to input-output is deprecated (#6419)
slint-ui/slint: docs/reference/src/language/syntax/properties.md

The right hand side of the `<=>` must be a reference to a property of the same type.
The property type is optional with two-way bindings, it will be inferred if not specified.
The initial value of a linked property will be the value of the right hand side of the binding.

> The two property being linked must also be compatible in terms of input/output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The two linked properties must be compatible in terms of input/output.
```
